[upload_to_play_store] Emphasize that default config updates prod release (#776)
fastlane/docs: docs/getting-started/android/release-deployment.md

    task: 'assemble',
    build_type: 'Release'
  )

>   upload_to_play_store # Uploads the APK built in the gradle step above and rolls the release out to all production users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  upload_to_play_store # Uploads the APK built in the gradle step above and releases it to all production users
```

end
```

> This will also do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will also:
```
